one of the biggest fundamental problems
we have today is not finding enough
energy it's at what cost you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you if you look around you see people
like Sam Alman you look around to Amazon
you can see the biggest companies of the
world talking about energy this is
something that we didn't see just a few
years ago in fact if you look at what
happened during 2020 we realized how
frail and fragile our system is from the
supply chain and then you looked at
energy we went back to Coal to power all
of the needs that we had in some cases
because it was there it was available
and others were not so now we are seeing
this insatiable demand for energy
particularly when it comes to AI
artificial intelligence but also data
centers in general the more data Cent
centers we build the more Tech we need
we have to have some level of energy
that's going behind it and it's not just
you know a minute amount what you would
use as an individual we are talking
about super high powered hungry energy
hungry systems that are going in here we
got to cool that this is a issue and of
course we have to figure out a way well
I'm going to talk about that I'm going
to talk about oil I'm going to get into
some interesting stuff let's begin first
with this Spartan if you're watching oil
falls on renewed push for Middle East
ceasefire and so watch out what happens
here with this um because what they
actually said was they were going to
continue to go in but not right now so
there could be a little bit of an ease a
little bit of a dip and then the plan is
to go back in again so then we could
have a dip in oil and it could surge
back up that could be a potential
opportunity we will see um nobody knows
what date that will be but I wanted to
make that clear that's for you Spartan
and the finance Friday crew as we were
talking about that AI demand for data
centers vastly
underestimated this is where we get into
the big stuff okay how do you look okay
first of all what do you think about AI
do you think there companies are going
to go more into it do you think
companies will be utilizing AI
regardless of what you think about AI as
as it its own thing do you think
companies are going to be spending a lot
of money they're going to be having
these data centers and so on if the
answer is yes then energy needs will
rise that puts a burden on you your
energy costs are going to go up okay but
at the same time we need to find new
forms of energy or ones that are
bringing the costs of energy down as the
power um you know the desire for more
energy increases we need that it it is
it's imperative co-founder of cloud
computing firm says the demand is absurd
okay the world is grossly
underestimating how much the demand for
artificial intelligence is going to
expand the global market for data
centers over the next 5 years the data
center request that cor weave is
Fielding on a daily basis are absurd
with many asking for entire
campuses for themselves the move the
market is moving a lot faster and then
the supply chains have historically
supported a very physical business have
been set up to do predicting more Mega
campuses that will stress power grids
and spur political fights there are
going to be some things that this
industry is going to have to work
through they get into more in here I
just think it's important that you see
okay what do we take from this
information well we've got a
whether or not it's real AI this is AI
they're going to be needing more of it
every company's going to be doing it
that means we need data centers if we
need data centers that means physical
locations okay so the stuff might be
living in the cloud that stuff might be
living on the internet but we need a
physical location to store it that means
we got to cool it that means we need a
lot of energy they are super intense
intense energy usage so what type of
energy makes a lot but at the same time
remember soall clean energy they want
clean energy because they have certain
quotas they have to hit they can't go
out there and use coal they can't do
that and so what is it that they'll have
to turn to and of course you might be on
this channel for a while and know what
I'm getting at when we talk about
nuclear energy this fits the bill top to
bottom there's one problem though just
one
problem let me get into it in a
sec Amazon presses the nuclear button
Tech Giants now show growing interest in
atomic power they had some cool stuff in
here uh if you haven't seen this already
but of course when we look at it AWS
this is a company that part of Amazon's
company which maybe they'll get split
but looking at AWS you can see that that
it has expanded grown every company
seemingly is using AWS and so they've
been buying electricity they've been
doing this massive massive quantity of
electricity but now what they want is
they're going to have to I I even
consider the possibility that these
massive establishments that they have
these huge data centers as they say you
know the the campuses well could it be
possible that they would build their own
small modular
reactor and then power their own thing
and they could this could be out in the
middle of nowhere basically and they
would be able to have these data centers
that are just massive scale the energy
is being provided and whether or not
they're you know it'll ever go down that
route we'll we'll see but the point is
we are embarking on a new very very new
world when it comes to energy because
it's not what it was 40 years ago okay
in terms of nuclear it comes Amit a
rally in public sentiment towards
nuclear energy last year cop 28
conference in Dubai 22 countries said
that they will triple their nuclear
generation capacity by 2050 I told you
that they were going to be spending
trillions of dollars globally this is in
2020 that's in 2020 I was telling
everybody but only a few uh were were
listening it seems meanwhile at the US
environmental nonprofits many of which
were set up by anti-nuclear activists a
new generation is challenging the old
guards stance and so we'll see what
happens they're you know the old nuclear
is very different they're going into it
look they're doing it they're doing it
if they are doing it well then what's
going to
happen what stands the gain as as a
result of it look at this Saudi Arabia
May hike May crude oil prices to
Asia right now what we're seeing is an
increase in price in oil generally we're
generally seeing that and all resources
could become more
expensive this is something that we need
to keep in mind I'll I'll you know hold
that thought for a second world's top
uranium minor seeks to boost export to
the US this is talking about Kazakhstan
okay the best part about this the funny
part I should say is Canada just just
north of the United States and they're
just sitting there sitting on their
hands you're going to go get it from
Kazakhstan but you're not going to get
it from Canada Canada is a resource Rich
nation that is going nowhere is
declining and is rapidly decaying
that's embarrassing this right here is
embarrassing Thailand and Philippines
Embrace nuclear power to cut emissions
so we're even seeing developing nations
that are going towards it the whole
point here is energy is changing energy
is changing okay you see that Morgan
Stanley says to buy energy stocks right
now why is that the case basically just
saying if you look at it overall certain
stocks uh like the tech stocks they're
just completely overdone overblown and
if you show the relationship
between um you know the total S&P 500
and where energy stocks energy stocks
are just beaten down in comparison the
ratio of tech to energy is off and so
Morgan Stanley saying now is the time to
buy energy stocks that's what they're
saying anyway Goldman Sachs starts with
Buy on Chemical stock amid High uranium
demand you're a little late Goldman
Sachs been telling you that since 2020
uranium stocks SAR on bullish Goldman
Sachs call as well as Kazakhstan
flooding so there we go Kazakhstan
they're getting a flood that makes the
um basically the supply a problem and as
a result price can go higher I brought
this out in a previous episode uranium's
22% price plunge is bottoming out on
nuclear future so the whole point here
is that they need to produce this so
that you can power the future but
there's a problem there's one problem
and that is in if you say today
governments by the way governments take
a long time to agree on anything if they
said today we're going to build this
power plant we're going to make it
happen it's going to take five years 10
years to make that happen if they agree
today so think about that it's going to
take a long time so what have they been
doing right now is simply extending the
life of the their current nuclear plants
that they have uh those old ones are not
very good from my understanding but
they're going to extend the life of
those at the same time what we have is
the idea that there's going to be this
Gap in time in which we need that energy
you know in the next five years you're
going to need a lot of energy just
picture that five years from now we're
going to need a lot of energy the usage
is going to be going crazy and we don't
have enough I predict that energy prices
could rise rapidly the demand could soar
a lot and we could have this battle
uh-oh all that Tech stuff is using too
much energy meanwhile mom and pop
they're suffering their energy prices
are rising high they can't turn on the
heater in the winter this is a big deal
okay and we're going to see how
governments respond to all of it I've
been telling people about uranium for a
while there are alternates like thorium
do you see them building thorium do they
are they talking about Thorium I don't
see it okay so that's what we're looking
at today I just want to make that very
clear watch what's happening with oil as
well if you see another invasion happen
or at least a talk of another invasion
happen that could put upward pressure on
the prices of oil so keep that in mind
as well and gold at the same time being
one of those resources wherever there's
risk gold could do well also if you want
to know more about this in depth and be
way ahead of the Curve findan Friday
crew shout outs to the finance Friday
crew I want to thank you uh for being
here as always if you want more
information want to join the finance
Friday crew small group of people Link
in the description at the top don't
ignore that don't ignore that don't go
just go to that link all right I
appreciate that and hit that thumbs up
button on the way out because that
supports the channel I'll see you
tomorrow take care